We are a family owned business with over 30 years expertise in the dog grooming business. We guarantee our work 100%. Susie specializes in Bichons and Poodles as well as Terriers. Joel specializes in Terriers, Labradoodles, Goldendoodles, Goldens, Shihtuzs as well as many other breeds. We understand your wishes that you want your dogs to leave our shop looking like the top dogs that they are. We make that wish possible! Your dogs are as important to us as they are to you.



Our salon has a wonderful backyard where they can exercise and socialize with other dogs before they are groomed. If you wish, they can also be in their kennel or on the ground in the salon. We try to make their stay with us as pleasant and stress free as possible. We take in to consideration the needs of puppies, older dogs and matted dogs. We do the very best we can with what we are given to work with so that your dogs will have a positive experience and want to return to our salon, Super Pups.


Susie has groomed for over 30 years and was trained by Carolyn Smith, master groomer and dog judge. She is very knowledgeble in animal health, nutrition, and skin issues. Only the best organic products from New York ar used in our salon. Joel was trained by Susie and has been grooming for 17 years. He has saved the lives of dogs by identifying potential serious medical issues that their owners were not aware of.


Simply put, there's no one better. Joel & Susie have always been so good to us and our dog, that we drive from Hayward for grooming sessions. They bend over backwards to accommodate us and we couldn't be more thankful for them taking such great care of Dexter.


Convenient location, easy to schedule appointments, flexible, friendly, and most importantly, beloved by our Poochy, Super Pups is THE place to go if you want your canine to look like a super pup!

I've been coming here for close to two years now and have had nothing but great experiences. Joel and Susie are great and our dog looks fantastic every time!

A quick update to thank Joel & Susie at Super Pups from the bottom of our hearts for finding our Francis' cancer 3+ years ago. He's now outlived the expected lifespan following diagnosis and just today got another good report. It might have been very different if Joel and Susie weren't so good at what they do and brought it to my attention! Thank you, thank you, thank you!! I'm forever in your debt!


Love Super Pups very much. My doggies always looks amazing when I pick them up. Great groomers and always very accommodating and friendly. Always a wonderful experience. Please give them a call!! They ROCK.
